# SYST17796-Project

The base code of a card game that was provided will be extended to model a card game of War. The program will start by allowing the user to make a choice to play with another player, or to play with the PC. The choice will be made by entering an integer as indicated with a short menu displayed to the player (1 for PC and 2 for another player). Any user errors will be handled if the user enters anything besides the two accepted integers. The program will then prompt the user to enter their name. The second user will also be prompted if 2 (the play with another player option) was previously selected. The program will re-prompt users to enter their name if they enter invalid input. The game will then start. 

During the game, Player 1 will be prompted to enter anything (other than 0 to quit) to draw a card. Player 2 will also be prompted if the PC is not playing. If an invalid entry is made (hitting enter with no input), the player will be prompted again. The game will indicate that the player with the highest value is the winner of the round and add the cards in play to that player’s deck. The players will be prompted to draw again. If both players draw cards of the same value, the game will declare “War” and prompt the players to enter anything (other than 0 to quit) to draw four cards with only the fourth card revealed. The game will announce the winner of the “War” and the player with the highest card will gain all drawn cards to their deck. If the values are the same again, another “War” is declared, and the process is repeated. 

Once a player obtains the entire deck of cards, the program will announce that player as the winner and add 1 to their score of games won. The players can choose to play again when prompted. Players can choose to quit at any time by entering 0. The program will then display the scores and declare the player who has won the most games as the overall winner.  
